Usage: suitecloud project:deploy [options]

Deploys the folder containing the project. The project folder is zipped before
deployment, only including the files and folders referenced in the deploy.xml
file.

Options:
  --accountspecificvalues <argument>  Indicates how to handle the presence of
                                      account-specific values in an account
                                      customization project. If there are
                                      account-specific values in the project,
                                      enter WARNING to continue with the
                                      deployment process, or ERROR to stop it.
                                      If the option is not specified, the
                                      default value is ERROR. It only applies
                                      to account customization projects.
  -a, --applyinstallprefs             Applies the settings from the hiding.xml,
                                      locking.xml, and overwriting.xml files.
                                      It only applies to SuiteApps.
  --dryrun                            Runs a preview of your deploy process.
                                      Your project is not deployed.
  -i, --interactive                   Runs the project:deploy command in
                                      interactive mode.
  --log <argument>                    Sets the deployment log file location, as
                                      either a directory or a file name. If it
                                      is a directory, a default log file is
                                      generated in the specified location. If a
                                      log file already exists in the specified
                                      location, deployment log details are
                                      appended to that existing file.
  --validate                          Validates the project before deploying.
                                      If an error ocurrs during the deployment,
                                      the process is stopped.
  -h, --help                          Displays help for the command.
